First of all, the process tasks on desktop should be on the side. It should be a column, it should be a chat. And then the second thing is that when I click process tasks, or when I submit something to the chat window on the side, it should give me some kind of a pop-up telling me what the tasks were that I processed and what the starting and ending time of those tasks is going to be. And then maybe like a pseudo, like, you know, day layout that kind of maps all those tasks within that confirmation mode or something like that, or chat, whatever it is. Actually, it's not important that we have like a side chat window or anything. It's just more important that we have like when I click process tasks, it should pop up something that lets me confirm whether or not the inputs are actually going to be correct before they get added to my calendar. And there should be some kind of editing flow as well, right, for the events. Like currently, I cannot delete an event if it's not working or if it's not correct. So I should be able to at least change the title of it and the starting and ending time of it. And also there's a bug right now where for whatever reason, it doesn't recognize that one event starts after another event ends and then it's not getting like the AM/PM right either. So just make sure that, you know, if the AM/PM or the time for the specific event is not specified by the user ahead of time, don't assume. Like ask it in the confirmation model maybe, like, hey, like convert this to a PM starting end, this end to beginning, or just let the user like change the starting and ending time within the confirmation model that pops up after I click on process tasks. So yeah, just make sure that the events are not going to overlap one another because right now when I tried it, all the events are overlapping. Even though the event titles are correct and stuff like that, all the events are overwhelming, are like overlapping currently. So yeah, just fix all of these bugs please and polish this up a little bit.